1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?
Ans. There are 5 types of conditional formatting visualizations available:

		1.Background Color Shading (of cells)
		2.Foreground Color Shading (of fonts)
		3.Data Bars
		4.Icons
		5.Values

2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?
Ans.The fastest way to make a border in Excel is to apply one of the inbuilt options directly from the ribbon. Here's how:

		1.Select a cell or a range of cells to which you want to add borders.
		2.On the Home tab, in the Font group, click the down arrow next to the Borders button, and you will see a list of the most popular border types.
		3.Click the border you want to apply, and it will be immediately added to the selected cells.

3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?
Ans. The steps to format numbers as currency in excel are as follows:-
		1.Select the range of cells that you want to Format.
		2. Select the range of cells that you want to Format.
		3. Now, Click on the Currency option from the given list.

	You will see that the currency symbol ( ₹ ) has appeared just before the
	first digit in the cell and the decimal points are aligned.
Note: Shortcut key for formatting numbers as currency is Ctrl+Shift+4.

4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?
Ans.The steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style are as follows:-
		1.On the Home tab, in the Number group, click the icon next to Number to display the Format Cells dialog box.
		2.In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Percentage.
		3.In the Decimal places box, enter the number of decimal places that you want to display. 
		   For example, if you want to see 10% instead of 10.00%, enter 0 in the Decimal places box.

5. What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?	
Ans. ALT H+M+M is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel.

6. How do you use text commands in Excel?
Ans. The TEXT function lets you change the way a number appears by applying formatting to it with format codes.
     It's useful in situations where you want to display numbers in a more readable format, or you want to 
     combine numbers with text or symbols.
     In its simplest form, the TEXT function says:

                      =TEXT(Value you want to format, "Format code you want to apply")
	For eg:- =TEXT(TODAY(),"DDDD")

                 which refers Today’s day of the week, like Monday