1. How and when to use the AutoSum command in excel?
Ans. AutoSum command is used when we need to sum a column or row of numbers.
     It allows you to easily add up a series of numbers either vertically or 
     horizontally without having to use the mouse or even the arrow keys on the keyboard.
     Steps to apply autosum:-
     1. Select a cell next to the numbers you want to sum, click AutoSum on the Home tab, press Enter, and you’re done.
     2. Or Hold down the Alt key and then press the equals = sign while still holding Alt.

2. What is the shortcut key to perform AutoSum?
Ans. The shortcut to perform autosum is:-
                   Hold down the Alt key and then press the equals = sign while still holding Alt.

3. How do you get rid of Formula that omits adjacent cells?
Ans. To turn off the “Formula Omits Adjacent Cells” message that you’re receiving, please follow the below steps:
       1. Excel should be opened, and then the File menu should be selected.
       2. Select Formulas from the drop-down menu under Options.
       3. Investigate the existence of Error checking rules and uncheck Formulas that omit cells in an area.
       4. To proceed, click OK.

4. How do you select non-adjacent cells in Excel 2016?
Ans. The easiest way to select non-adjacent ranges is by using the mouse.Below is how to select two non-adjacent range of cells:

               1.Click on the first cell that you want to be selected. This will now become the active cell
               2.Hold the Control key on your keyboard
               3.Left-click on the mouse and drag to make the selection
               4.Leave the mouse click. At this point, you would have a selection. Continue to hold the Control key
               5.Place the cursor on the second cell/range that you want to select
               6.Left-click on the mouse and drag to make the selection
               7.Leave the mouse click. This would select two non-contiguous range of cells.
		   8.Release the Control key

5. What happens if you choose a column, hold down the Alt key and press the letters
   ocw in quick succession?
Ans. If you choose a column, hold down the Alt key and press the letters ocw in quick succession
     a popup appears which helps in the changing the column width.

6. If you right-click on a row reference number and click on Insert, where will the row
   be added?
Ans. If you right-click on a row reference number and click on Insert a new row will be added above the selected row
     reference number.





      
