1. To use the ribbon commands, what menu and grouping of commands will you
   find the Insert and Delete command?
Ans. Insert tab provides options to insert something in a worksheet- a table, a diagram, a chart, a symbol, 
     Pivot table and so on. In Excel, the “INSERT” tab plays an important role in analyzing the data.
     We have several groups under the Excel “INSERT” tab, and below are the group names:

              Tables
              Illustrations
              Add-ins
              Charts
		  Power Map
		  Sparklines
		  Filters
		  Links
		  Text
		  Symbols

   To delete the selected worksheet or worksheets, right-click and then press the D key on your keyboard.

2. If you set a row height or column width to 0 (zero), what happens to the row and
column?
Ans.If you set a row height or column width to 0 (zero), Excel will hode the selected row and column.

3. Is there a need to change the height and width in a cell? Why?
Ans. It is necessary to change width and height in excel to fit the data.
     Whenever we enter a lengthy data, few characters will get displayed and other will be present inside the 
     cell but will be hidden to the user.
     It is necessary to change the rows and column’s height and width to have a good presentation in excel. 

4. What is the keyboard shortcut to unhide rows?
Ans. The keyboard shortcut to unhide rows is Ctrl-Shift-9.

5. How to hide rows containing blank cells?
Ans. With the Go To Special function, you can select the blank 
     cells first and then apply the short cut keys to hide the rows which contain blank cells.
     The steps to perform the same are as below:
           1. Select the data range which contains the blank cells you want to hide.
           2. Then click Home > Find & Select > Go To Special.
           3. And in the Go To Special dialog, select Blanks option, and then click OK button.
           4. Then you can press Ctrl-9 keys together to hide the rows which have blank cells.

6. What are the steps to hide the duplicate values using conditional formatting in
   excel?
Ans. The steps to hide the duplicated using conditional formatiing are as follows:
     1. Select the range you want to hide duplicates.
     2. Then click Conditional Formatting > Highlight Cells Rules > Duplicate Values under Home tab. 
     3. In the Duplicate Values dialog box, select Custom Format in the values with drop-down list, and then click the OK button.
     4. In the Format Cells dialog box, go to the Font tab, and in the Color drop-down list, choose a font color which matches the
        background color of your selected range cell. 
        And finally click the OK button.
     5. When it returns to the Duplicate Values dialog box, click the OK button.
     6. Now all duplicate records in selected columns are hidden immediately.


	



 